--. -.. --- - ...- --- .--. .-. . ...
GDOTVOPRES

Play

Pause

Stop

Repeat

Sound

Light

Configure

Download

Share
Put your message on this bracelet
Personalised Morse Code Bracelet - Red Jasper
Shop Now
Send your message to a friend
Share the message above in Morse code (here is an example). The current sound, light and speed settings will be used. If they know Morse code you can hide the text.


Text

Share

Facebook

Twitter

Reddit
Text to Morse
Just type letters, numbers and punctuation into the top box and the Morse code will appear in the bottom box with a "#" if the character cannot be translated. This is not a great tool for learning Morse code as looking at the dots and dashes does not help. Instead, try the CWops Morse Trainer.

Morse to Text
You can type Morse code into the top box using "." for a dot and "-" or "_" for a dash. Letters are separated by spaces and words by "/". The text translation will appear in the bottom box. If a letter cannot be translated a "#" will appear in the output.

Sound, Light & Vibration
The "Play", "Pause", "Stop" and "Repeat" buttons control the playback. You can choose between hearing the sound, seeing a flashing light, or having your phone vibrate using the "Sound", "Light" and "Vibrate" checkboxes. The vibrate option may only appear on a phone. The "Configure" button reveals advanced options to control the frequency and speed and switch between telegraph and radio sound styles. The flashing light and download buttons do not currently work when in "Telegraph" mode.

Notes
This tool works in most browsers: please see the FAQ if you are having problems.

If you would like to see a list of all the Morse code characters please go to my Morse Code page. If you have any questions about Morse code or the translator, please read my FAQ first.

Change log
2022-03-04: adds the Cyrillic/Ukrainian, Hebrew and Arabic alphabets as options.
2021-09-03: vibration (on phones) does not stop prematurely [thanks Richard].
2021-09-02: vibration (on phones) now better synchronised with the sound.
2021-03-04: accented characters added.
2021-02-21: volume control added.
See more
I am a husband, father and foster carer

a principal research engineer at the IT Innovation Centre

a founder of SPYDERISK

an owner of a holiday home, a salsa teacher

and in my spare time I write and maintain this web site

Morse Code World logo
© Copyright Stephen C. Phillips, 2015-2022
Licences │ Donate

